This Settings utility was developed on Windows using VisualBasic 6 as a 
FOSS project to allow easier configuration, bug-fixing and enhancement of Rocketdock.
The project has moved on since then and is now a fully open source Rocketdock clone 
called SteamyDock.

The second step was the utility that replicated the icons settings screens. The 
subsequent steps were the dock itself. I do hope you enjoy using these three 
utilities. Your software enhancements and contributions will be gratefully received.

The original Rocketdock was developed by the Apple fanboy and fangirl team at Punklabs. 
They developed it as a peace offering from the Mac community to the Windows 
Community. This new dock, now known as SteamyDock, was developed by a single
Windows/ReactOS fanboy on Windows 7 using 32bit VB6. Hopefully, one day, these 
utilities will be operable at least on Linux using new VB6-orientated technology.
At the moment however, it is just for Windows but possibly soon-ish, ReactOS too.

This utility faithfully reproduces the original dock as created by Punklabs (and 
ObjectDock/Mac Dock before it). Initially it was created solely as a homage to 
Rocketdock as that package is no longer being supported by Punklabs. It has now 
evolved into a set of tools that has become a replacement for rocketdock itself. 

All HAIL to Apple, Stardock and Punklabs!

This version was developed on Windows using VisualBasic 6 as a FOSS project. It is open 
source to allow easier configuration, bug-fixing and enhancement of Rocketdock and 
community contribution towards this new dock. 

A future step is conversion to 64bit-ness using VB.NET, RADBasic and TwinBasic. Some 
conversion to VB.NET has already been undertaken for future-proofing and 64bit-ness. 
This latter step was already 1/3rd underway and was successful but I found I really 
did not like working with VB.NET. It is slow, cumbersome and not really BASIC nor is 
it RAD. I have made the very pleasant decision to halt and transfer all .NET 
development to TwinBasic/RADBasic sometime in the near future when these VB6 
technology enhancements reach maturity and stability.

There is a FULL and RICH help facility. Please use it. 

If you already have experience using Rocketdock these utilties will feel very familiar. 
If you haven't then take some time to read the help. There is a help button below and 
balloon tooltips for most functions. A separate help file is dedicated to each of the 
three components, the dock settings, the icon settings and the dock itself.

Once again, I do hope you enjoy using these utilities. Your own software enhancements 
and contributions will be gratefully received if you choose to contribute. 
